Replace os.path for pathlib in NLU module (#7118)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/3153.improvement.md

> Used pathlib instead of os.path to improve readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reduce usage of  `os.path` in favor of `pathlib` throughout the code base. 
```
